Experiment 01: 
2dof arm with no dynamics, just statics can be found in experiment_01/ and run from exp_01_model_v00.py

Experiments 02 - 09:
2dof or 3dof arm with dynamics using the porril-style rbf cerebellum.
These experiments are all contained within the file: exp_02_09_model_v01.py run them by selecting
the experiment number from the command line. Results are in /results folder. To watch the simulated trajectories without 
rerunning the experiment, run the play_arm_path.py file.

EXPLANATIONS ON THE FOUR TRAJECTORIES PER EXPERIMENT:
each experiment has four trajectories associated it, which can be viewed by running the exp or the play arm path file
1: desired trajectory. This is the trajectory with no error. It is computed by ID -> FD with no error introduced.
2: trajectory with no brain. This is the trajectory with no cerebellar control loop. 
It is computed by ID (faulty somehow, either with wrong lengths or wrong masses) -> FD
3: trajectory with brain. This is the result of the experiment. 
It is computed by ID (with error) + brain correction -> FD
4: trajectory erroneous ID thought is was following. This is computed with ID (with error) -> FD (with same error)
so for the errors that are length-based, the video playback shows the arm that the ID thought it was controlling. 

List of experiments 02-09:
2: 2dof arm with length error. Brain converges and reduces error.
3: 2dof Arm with small length error. Brain converges but increases error
4: 3dof with 2d trajectory and length error. Brain converges but increases error. 
5: 2dof arm with more complicated trajectory and length error. Brain converges and reduces error. 
6: 3dof with 3d trajectory and length error. Brain flails but converges at end
7: 2dof Arm with Illusroy Mass .5kg brain converges and reduces error.
8: 2dof Arm with Illusory Mass 5kg brain converges and reduces error.
9: 3dof Arm with Illusory Mass .5kg brain converges but increases error. 

commentary on exp 2-9: The model could no doubt be tuned to be far better, but as it is it does not generalize
well into 3dof. The model could be tuned to specific trajectories better as well, or made to be more 
dynamic (dynamically placing rbf centers or decay terms), but as it is now the model does well on large errors
in 2dof in either mass or length